Our greatest glory is not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall. - Confucius
All our dreams can come true, if we have the courage to pursue them. - Walt Disney
Everything you've ever wanted is on the other side of fear. - George Addair
Success is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts. - Winston Churchill
Believe in yourself. You are braver than you think, more talented than you know, and capable of more than you imagine. - Roy T. Bennett
I learned that courage was not the absence of fear, but the triumph over it. The brave man is not he who does not feel afraid, but he who conquers that fear. - Nelson Mandela
It does not matter how slowly you go as long as you do not stop. - Confucius
Hardships often prepare ordinary people for an extraordinary destiny. - C.S. Lewis
It's not whether you get knocked down. It's whether you get up. - Vince Lombardi
There is only one thing that makes a dream impossible to achieve: the fear of failure. - Paulo Coelho
Your true success in life begins only when you make the commitment to become excellent at what you do. - Brian Tracy
Believe in yourself, take on your challenges, dig deep within yourself to conquer fears. Never let anyone bring you down. You got to keep going. - Chantal Sutherland
Definiteness of purpose is the starting point of all achievement. - W. Clement Stone
Too many of us are not living our dreams because we are living our fears. - Les Brown
If you believe it will work out, you'll see opportunities. If you believe it won't, you will see obstacles. - Wayne Dyer
In order to carry a positive action we must develop here a positive vision. - Dalai Lama
We may encounter many defeats but we must not be defeated. - Maya Angelou
If you set goals and go after them with all the determination you can muster, your gifts will take you places that will amaze you. - Les Brown
Hard times don't create heroes. It is during the hard times when the hero within us is revealed. - Bob Riley
Believe you can and you're halfway there. - Theodore Roosevelt
Your mind is a powerful thing. When you fill it with positive thoughts, your life will start to change. - Unknown
Start by doing what's necessary; then do what's possible; and suddenly you are doing the impossible. - Francis of Assisi
I attribute my success to this: I never gave or took any excuse. - Florence Nightingale
Whatever you hold in your mind on a consistent basis is exactly what you will experience in your life. - Tony Robbins
Most of the important things in the world have been accomplished by people who have kept on trying when there seemed to be no hope at all. - Dale Carnegie
Strength does not come from physical capacity. It comes from an indomitable will. - Mahatma Gandhi
Perseverance is the hard work you do after you get tired of doing the hard work you already did. - Newt Gingrich
The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams - Franklin D. Roosevelt
I am not a product of my circumstances. I am a product of my decisions. - Stephen Covey
Don't be pushed around by the fears in your mind. Be led by the dreams in your heart. - Roy T. Bennett
Your time is limited, so don't waste it living someone else's life. - Steve Jobs
If you can tune into your purpose and really align with it, setting goals so that your vision is an expression of that purpose, then life flows much more easily. - Jack Canfield
Whatever the mind can conceive and believe, it can achieve. - Napoleon Hill
Don't wish it were easier. Wish you were better. - Jim Rohn
It is during our darkest moments that we must focus to see the light. - Aristotle Onassis
It's not about perfect. It's about effort. And when you bring that effort every single day, that's where transformation happens. That's how change occurs. - Jillian Michaels
Success is no accident. It is hard work, perseverance, learning, studying, sacrifice and most of all, love of what you are doing or learning to do. - Pele
Strength doesn't come from what you can do. It comes from overcoming the things you once thought you couldn't. - Rikki Rogers
Learn from the past, set vivid, detailed goals for the future, and live in the only moment of time over which you have any control: now. - Denis Waitley
We don't develop courage by being happy every day. We develop it by surviving difficult times and challenging adversity. - Barbara De Angelis
Fortune always favors the brave, and never helps a man who does not help himself. - P. T. Barnum
Go confidently in the direction of your dreams. Live the life you have imagined. -Henry David Thoreau
If you can dream it, then you can achieve it. You will get all you want in life if you help enough other people get what they want. - Zig Ziglar
The only person you are destined to become is the person you decide to be. -Ralph Waldo Emerson
Perfection is not attainable, but if we chase perfection we can catch excellence. - Vince Lombardi
Life is 10% what happens to you and 90% how you react to it. - Charles R. Swindoll
If you don't like something, change it. If you can't change it, change your attitude. - Maya Angelou
Only those who dare to fail greatly can ever achieve greatly. - Robert F. Kennedy
Failure will never overtake me if my determination to succeed is strong enough. - Og Mandino
Inaction breeds doubt and fear. Action breeds confidence and courage. If you want to conquer fear, do not sit home and think about it. Go out and get busy. - Dale Carnegie